I'm welcome back to sETC today we have a
giant shopkins season 3 play-doh
surprise egg and this time we have
feature in Suzie sundae now if you saw
our video yesterday you'll see that we
got lots and lots of shopkins season 3
here in the UK so this is the start of
our shopkins week so let's go ahead and
start peeling our back and seeing what's
inside our giant play-doh surprise egg
okay so before we get into all the
goodies here's a quick shout out to a
few of our awesome fans
okay so let's see what's inside whoo so
we have lots and lots of season three
shopkins so I'll start off with a season
three baskets now throughout this video
there will be a shopkin that pops up on
screen if you can see this shopkin that
comes off let us know okay so our first
shopkin is the white wild carrot next we
have oh we have the bun and this one is
low um okay so we have another easily
basket let's have a laugh
so in this basket oh we have a super
cute little cake and this one is called
patty cake there's some cute little star
sprinkles
in this one we have snug UGG which is a
duplicate for us now all of our
duplicates will be going into this big
shopping trolley and we will be running
a few giveaways on our Instagram so if
you're not following us already the
details are in the description box below
okay so next up we have a season three
blind bag so let's see we get in here
then in here we have Jennifer Rayne
and she is another double so off to the
doubles cat bring in here okay next we
have another basket
there we have we have a little barrier
not sure of this one's name up there we
go
it's a spree raspberry oh this one is
super cute look at the face and we also
we have the orange slug which is a new
one for us
there we have another season through
your basket and let's family have oh we
have sconnie this is another new one
and we also have oh this is another new
one I really like this one and this one
is called Mickey and Maxie oh that is
awesome
it is so cool huh okay and finally we
have a five pack so let's get it open
and see what we get
okay so we have Beverly Hills
which is a duplicate so let's go
straight to the doubles cards next we
have a queen of tarts this version is a
new one for us
we also have the green ginger Fred which
is really awesome
I absolutely love ginger bread
and we have the red sausage sizzle which
is another duplicate there will pop it
in the Jupiter cat okay so onto our
blind bag this feels absolutely tiny oh
wow oh look at that we have a little
phone and this is one of these Chuck
frosted shopkins and is called Mary
Mobile so this is an ultra rare that is
so cool okay we have our brand new
season three shopkins now I think out of
all the ones that I opened today I think
Maps it and mix it on my favorite today
pop a card below and let us know which
is your favorite out of today's play-doh
egg and also did you spot the shopkin
pop up on screen if you did let us know
thanks for watching and we'll see you
again soon
you